I love a boy named Jesse, but Jesse does not love me.
He says he has a girl in Chelsea, who loves a lot.
He says he does not know what he feels and what he wants.
What he feels and what he wants. '' You do not have to hide your feelings from me '' (audio of the series)
But every time he smiles at me, I know we're the same.
And that he will change his world for me, if he knows my name.
There is no need for you to say that you saw the life you chose for me.
For me
I love a boy named Jesse, but Jesse does not love me.
He wants to kiss and go to bed, but he does not want to talk.
He says that this is serious and that everything is in my mind
In my mind.
All I can hide
I'm fine
But every time he smiles at me I know we're the same
And that he will change his world for me, if he knows my name.
There is no need for you to say that you saw the life you chose for me.
I love a boy named Danny, but Danny does not love me.
He says he has a girl in Chelsea, and he loves her very much.
He says he is not sure what he feels and what he wants.